Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
The client is a business that is looking to expand their project into a mobile application.  The name of the app is "Draw it or Lose it" which focuses on challenging a team of players to identify a drawing based on a library of pictures that is trying to be replicated by a user and guess by others.  The software they wanted was to implement this game across different operating systems, including common mobile devices and gaming platforms.
What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
I was able to identify recommendations early on with regards to what operating systems and the benefits and drawbacks of different code bases and choices of architecture.
What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
I really found it interesting and helpful to dig into the different IDEs and pricing structures of different options.  When you look at more "open-soruce" type of solutions, there is a lot of savings while the "tried and true" options were more expensive but looked simpler to integrate.
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I think the pricing sections.  I was able to find general information online about pricing structures but a lot of things are flexible when it comes to making deals.  In my professional life I have found that there are ways to lower cost and sometimes the companies that are in the middle of the market are more flexible in their pricing structures.
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
First, it's so important to identify their neeeds because when you are making a plan it helps to understand the depth and breadth of the project.  For example, if there is a late stage change to what the client is trying to accomplish, that can throw the whole development into a state of chaos.  Having to figure out what needs to change and how can be very time consuming.  It is much better to know as much as you can early on and plan around that.  I was able to understand their needs by looking at the desires of the client and then doing research to look at different methods of achieving their goals.  This was primarily done by looking at different websites and articles that present the different processes and options available on different platforms.
How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
My main goal was to break the software down into different pieces and try to identify the best option for each piece.  In this example there were memory concerns, deployment and cross-compatibility questions, and then choosing solutions that would best handle those concerns.  In the future I think I would try to look at similar apps and try to determine more about the choices they made.  While it might not be realistic to get access to those finer details for major software, there are a lot of small groups or indie groups that are working on similar problems and it would be more reasonable to see the choices they are making.
